README.md, before:

# Window Zen Mode README

> [market](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Weykon.window-zen-mode) | [github repo](https://github.com/weykon/window-zen-mode.git)  

> I don't know the config exist before, it's the similar doing the same thing with setting <u>"zenMode.fullScreen": false</u> in setting.json.

This extension can toggle zen mode at windowed.
## The first time to use: 

``` 
    shift + cmd(ctrl) + p   // open command input
```

type in
> __Window Zen Mode__

enter ⏎

🎉 Succeed!

---

## the __Best__ way to use:
```
    cmd(ctrl) + k + s    // open keybindings
```

search for:

> __Window Zen Mod__

add key binding as you like, such as 

```
    cmd + opt + k  z
```
> because default zen mode keybind is "cmd + k  z"

🎉 Perfect!

---


![preview](./assets/preview.png)
# 🎉 <font color="#ffabd6">Cute!</font>  💻<br /> 


and some valuable key shot:
```
    cmd + b            // left side bar
    cmd + j            // bottom side bar
    cmd + shift + e    // file view
    ctrl + shift + g   // git source control
```

Commit message:

fix: add description for differences between the source windowed Zen mode and this extension

README.md, after:

# Window Zen Mode README

> ## [market](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Weykon.window-zen-mode) | [github repo](https://github.com/weykon/window-zen-mode.git)  

> I don't know the config exist before, it's the similar doing the same thing with setting <u>"zenMode.fullScreen": false</u> in setting.json.
> but two point as me prefer this extension:  
>> 1. the <font color="#6876fe">"source-windowed"</font> mode __still keep the minimap__ which did not hide,  
>>    and I prefer to hide it, if you are too, <font color="#4bb37d">**use this**</font> .
>> 2. the <font color="#6876fe">"source-windowed"</font> mode will __align the text at center__ and __add two vertical line__ contain the text block when keeping only one page.  
>>    I think this put a unnecessary thing in view,
>>    I prefer avoid it, if you are too,  <font color="#4bb37d">**use this**</font> .  

This extension can toggle zen mode at windowed.
## The first time to use: 

``` 
    shift + cmd(ctrl) + p   // open command input
```

type in
> __Window Zen Mode__

enter ⏎

🎉 Succeed!

---

## the __Best__ way to use:
```
    cmd(ctrl) + k + s    // open keybindings
```

search for:

> __Window Zen Mod__

add key binding as you like, such as 

```
    cmd + opt + k  z
```
> because default zen mode keybind is "cmd + k  z"

🎉 Perfect!

---


![preview](./assets/preview.png)
# 🎉 <font color="#ffabd6">Cute!</font>  💻<br /> 


and some valuable key shot:
```
    cmd + b            // left side bar
    cmd + j            // bottom side bar
    cmd + shift + e    // file view
    ctrl + shift + g   // git source control
```
